docs: Update docs for release of Consul API Gateway v0.3.0 (#13427)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/api-gateway/consul-api-gateway-install.mdx

| `deployment.maxInstances`         | Specifies the maximum allowed number of instances per gateway.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Integer  | 8                                               |
| `deployment.minInstances`         | Specifies the minimum allowed number of instances per gateway.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Integer  | 1                                               |

> | `image.consulAPIGateway`          | The image to use for consul-api-gateway. View available image tags on [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/hashicorp/consul-api-gateway/tags).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | String  | `"hashicorp/consul-api-gateway:RELEASE_VERSION"` |

Reviewer: I'm unsure if the proposed change is correct or not so I'm going to leave it as is.

</CodeBlockConfig>

For a listener's `certificateRef` to reference a secret in a different namespace, you must also create a [ReferencePolicy](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/v1alpha2/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1alpha2.ReferencePolicy).

> 

Reviewer: I think it is OK where it is because it is explaining why the following config example includes a ReferencePolicy.

The following example creates a `Gateway` named `example-gateway` in `gateway-namespace`. This `Gateway` has a `certificateRef` in `secret-namespace`.

> The reference is allowed because `reference-policy` in `secret-namespace` lets `Gateways` in `gateway-namespace` to reference `Secrets` in `secret-namespace`.

Author: ```suggestion
The reference is allowed because `reference-policy` in `secret-namespace` lets `Gateways` in `gateway-namespace` reference `Secrets` in `secret-namespace`.
```

> The following example creates a `Gateway` named `example-gateway` in namespace `gateway-namespace`. This `Gateway` has a `certificateRef` in namespace `secret-namespace`.
> The reference is allowed because the `ReferencePolicy`, named `reference-policy` in namespace `secret-namespace`, allows `Gateways` in `gateway-namespace` to reference `Secrets` in `secret-namespace`.

Reviewer 2: the way this is worded is confusing. is there a way to simplify this (removing the namespaces)? something like the following?

```suggestion
The following example creates a `Gateway` named `example-gateway` in `gateway-namespace`. This `Gateway` has a `certificateRef` in `secret-namespace`.
The reference is allowed because `reference-policy` in `secret-namespace` lets `Gateways` in `gateway-namespace` to reference `Secrets` in `secret-namespace`.
```
